pyevr/docs/MeasurementUnitsApi.md, before:

# openapi_client.MeasurementUnitsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://evr.veoseleht.ee*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**measurement_units_list**](MeasurementUnitsApi.md#measurement_units_list) | **GET** /api/measurementunits | Mõõtühikute pärimine


# **measurement_units_list**
> PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit measurement_units_list(page=page, page_size=page_size, evr_language=evr_language)

Mõõtühikute pärimine

Tagastab EVR-i aktiivsed mõõtühikud.

### Example

* Api Key Authentication (SecretApiKey):
```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time
import openapi_client
from openapi_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration()
# Configure API key authorization: SecretApiKey
configuration.api_key['EVR-APIKEY'] = 'YOUR_API_KEY'
# Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
# configuration.api_key_prefix['EVR-APIKEY'] = 'Bearer'

# Defining host is optional and default to https://evr.veoseleht.ee
configuration.host = "https://evr.veoseleht.ee"

# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openapi_client.MeasurementUnitsApi(api_client)
    page = 56 # int | Tagastatav lehekülg (optional)
page_size = 56 # int | Tagastatava lehekülje suurus (optional)
evr_language = 'evr_language_example' # str | Defineerib keele tagastatavatele veateadetele (toetatud on väärtused \"et\" eesti keele ning \"en\" inglise keele jaoks). (optional)

    try:
        # Mõõtühikute pärimine
        api_response = api_instance.measurement_units_list(page=page, page_size=page_size, evr_language=evr_language)
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling MeasurementUnitsApi->measurement_units_list: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **page** | **int**| Tagastatav lehekülg | [optional] 
 **page_size** | **int**| Tagastatava lehekülje suurus | [optional] 
 **evr_language** | **str**| Defineerib keele tagastatavatele veateadetele (toetatud on väärtused \&quot;et\&quot; eesti keele ning \&quot;en\&quot; inglise keele jaoks). | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit**](PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit.md)

### Authorization

[SecretApiKey](../README.md#SecretApiKey)

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

### HTTP response details
| Status code | Description | Response headers |
|-------------|-------------|------------------|
**403** |  |  -  |
**401** |  |  -  |
**400** |  |  -  |
**200** |  |  -  |

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

feat: generate with new openapi client

pyevr/docs/MeasurementUnitsApi.md, after:

# openapi_client.MeasurementUnitsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://evr.veoseleht.ee*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**measurement_units_list**](MeasurementUnitsApi.md#measurement_units_list) | **GET** /api/measurementunits | Mõõtühikute pärimine


# **measurement_units_list**
> PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit measurement_units_list(page=page, page_size=page_size, evr_language=evr_language)

Mõõtühikute pärimine

Tagastab EVR-i aktiivsed mõõtühikud.

### Example

* Api Key Authentication (SecretApiKey):
```python
import time
import os
import openapi_client
from openapi_client.models.paged_result_of_measurement_unit import PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit
from openapi_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://evr.veoseleht.ee
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration(
    host = "https://evr.veoseleht.ee"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

# Configure API key authorization: SecretApiKey
configuration.api_key['SecretApiKey'] = os.environ["API_KEY"]

# Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
# configuration.api_key_prefix['SecretApiKey'] = 'Bearer'

# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openapi_client.MeasurementUnitsApi(api_client)
    page = 56 # int | Tagastatav lehekülg (optional)
    page_size = 56 # int | Tagastatava lehekülje suurus (optional)
    evr_language = 'evr_language_example' # str | Defineerib keele tagastatavatele veateadetele (toetatud on väärtused \"et\" eesti keele ning \"en\" inglise keele jaoks). (optional)

    try:
        # Mõõtühikute pärimine
        api_response = api_instance.measurement_units_list(page=page, page_size=page_size, evr_language=evr_language)
        print("The response of MeasurementUnitsApi->measurement_units_list:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except Exception as e:
        print("Exception when calling MeasurementUnitsApi->measurement_units_list: %s\n" % e)
```



### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **page** | **int**| Tagastatav lehekülg | [optional] 
 **page_size** | **int**| Tagastatava lehekülje suurus | [optional] 
 **evr_language** | **str**| Defineerib keele tagastatavatele veateadetele (toetatud on väärtused \&quot;et\&quot; eesti keele ning \&quot;en\&quot; inglise keele jaoks). | [optional] 

### Return type

[**PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit**](PagedResultOfMeasurementUnit.md)

### Authorization

[SecretApiKey](../README.md#SecretApiKey)

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

### HTTP response details
| Status code | Description | Response headers |
|-------------|-------------|------------------|
**403** |  |  -  |
**401** |  |  -  |
**400** |  |  -  |
**200** |  |  -  |

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
